Microsoft.Authorization: Publish templates on different scopes (#1033)
Azure/ResourceModules: arm/Microsoft.Authorization/policyAssignments/readme.md

}
```

> > The name of the Management Group in the deployment does not have to match the value of the `managementGroupId` in the input parameters. For example, you can trigger the initial deployment at the root management group, but the parameter file has another management group mentioned, hence the real target is the one in the parameter file.

Author: I'm almost inclined to say we should not provide this functionality as it sounds like an edge case of an edge case.

Instead we could:
Have the template always deploy to the mgmt-group ID given with the deployment, and only deploy into other scopes if e.g. a subscriptionID/resourceGroupID was provided.

I wouldn't be suprised if this confuses people more than it helps. But maybe that's just me :D

Reviewer: OK so I'll cover off the comment around scope above as well..

Good call out .. here's what'll happen
- the `managementGroupId` will be optional and set to `managementGroup().name` as default, to fetch the information from the current scope. However, the parameter will still be there in case someone wants to target different scopes. (Updating the existing functionality)
- If `subscriptionId` is provided alone, then the scope will go towards the subscription (existing functionality) 
- If `subscriptionId` and `resourceGroupName` are provided, then it'll target the resource group (existing functionality)
- I'm ok to remove this piece of information if it is confusing and we'll stick to the current ones we already have. But the feature to explicitly target a managementGroup (overriding the default) can still be there. And one of the parameter files can test that as we have 2.

> The `subscriptionId` is used to enable deployment to a Resource Group Scope, allowing the use of the `resourceGroup()` function from a Management Group Scope. [Additional Details](https://github.com/Azure/bicep/pull/1420).

## Module Usage Guidance

In general, most of the resources under the `Microsoft.Authorization` namespace allows deploying resources at multiple scopes (management groups, subscriptions, resource groups). The `deploy.bicep` root module is simply an orchestrator module that targets sub-modules for different scopes as seen in the parameter usage section. All sub-modules for this namespace have folders that represent the target scope. For example, if the orchestrator module in the [root](deploy.bicep) needs to target 'subscription' level scopes. It will look at the relative path ['/subscription/deploy.bicep'](./subscription/deploy.bicep) and use this sub-module for the actual deployment, while still passing the same parameters from the root module.

> The above method is useful when you want to use a single point to interact with the module but rely on parameter combinations to achieve the target scope. But what if you want to incorporate this module with other modules with lower scopes? This will not work as the [root](deploy.bicep) is defined at a higher scope (i.e. management group), hence the module can no longer be used. That is simply because you cannot have your own bicep file that has a target of subscription, and this root module is at a higher scope than that. This is the error that you can expect to face:

Author: ```suggestion
The above method is useful when you want to use a single point to interact with the module but rely on parameter combinations to achieve the target scope. But what if you want to incorporate this module in other modules with lower scopes? This would force you to deploy the module in scope `managementGroup` regardless and further require you to provide its ID with it. If would not set the scope to management group, this would be the error that you can expect to face:
```

Author: My suggestion. If accepted, should be updated in the other modules too
